GovCIO logo
GovCIO
Share
Show more options
Java - Mainframe Programmer 
United States · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


$82K/yr - $95K/yr

Remote

Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Java - Mainframe Programmer  at GovCIO
Java - Mainframe Programmer
GovCIO · United States (Remote)

Apply

Save
Save Java - Mainframe Programmer  at GovCIO
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Retry Premium for $0



Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

About the job
Overview

GovCIO is currently hiring for Java - Mainframe Developer to perform maintenance, remediation's, and updates to mission critical applications used to support the DCSA background investigation processes. The position does not require legacy/mainframe experience, but candidates MUST to be open to learning the "Legacy/Mainframe technologies" Provide architecture, development and cyber security support for the High Value Assets (HVAs) that make up the background investigation system. This position is located in Baltimore, MD, Quantico, VA, or Boyers, PA and will be a full remote position.

Responsibilities

In this role you will support the Defense Counterintelligence Security Agency (DCSA), Background Information Systems (BIS), Case Processing and other background investigation systems. The successful candidate will support requirements elicitation, analysis, development, testing, and application level operational support for mission critical applications providing background investigation processing. The position serves as a member of the development team working both operational and maintenance (O&M) and enhancement initiatives associated with application-level development and operations support. The position requires interaction and coordination touchpoints related to infrastructure, networking, security, and other support entities. ServiceNow is the primary workflow management tool used within the environment.

Specific Responsibilities Will Include

Designs and codes applications following specifications using the appropriate tools
Maintains and modifies existing software applications.
Analyzes detailed systems factors, including input and output requirements, information flow, hardware and software requirements, and alternative methods of problem resolution.
Performs modifications to and maintenance of operational programs and procedures.
Participates in code reviews to represent reviewed work for adherence to standards and specifications.
Writes or revises program documentation, operations documentation and user guides in accordance with standards.
Resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements. 
Acts as team member on projects.

Qualifications

Bachelor's with 5 - 8 years (or commensurate experience)

Required Skills And Experience

Must be open to learning legacy technologies and tools such as Natural 
Experience 4 to 6 years of Java development
Proficiency in building web-based applications
In-depth knowledge of Java, JEE
Familiarity with agile environments
Troubleshooting abilities
Good communication skills
Excellent problem-solving abilities
Ability to communicate well and work in a collaborative team environment.

Clearance Required: US Citizenship and ability to hold a TS Security Clearance.

Preferred Skills And Experience

Active Security Clearance of Top-Secret level or higher
Strong working knowledge using IBM’s Connect: Direct for file transfers
Proficiency programming in Natural using ADABAS
Experienced in developing using Software AG’s NaturalONE Eclipse-based development environment
Experience with using IBM MQ
Familiarity with Confluence and Jira
Working knowledge of ServiceNow
Experience with meeting hosting via MS Teams

Company Overview

GovCIO is a team of transformers--people who are passionate about transforming government IT. Every day, we make a positive impact by delivering innovative IT services and solutions that improve how government agencies operate and serve our citizens.

But we can't do it alone. We need great people to help us do great things - for our customers, our culture, and our ability to attract other great people. We are changing the face of government IT and building a workforce that fuels this mission. Are you ready to be a transformer?

What You Can Expect

Interview & Hiring Process

If you are selected to move forward through the process, here’s what you can expect:

During the Interview Process
Virtual video interview conducted via video with the hiring manager and/or team
Camera must be on
A valid photo ID must be presented during each interview

During the Hiring Process
Enhanced Biometrics ID verification screening
Background check, to include:
Criminal history (past 7 years)
Verification of your highest level of education
Verification of your employment history (past 7 years), based on information provided in your application
Employee Perks

Benefits

At GovCIO, we consistently hear that meaningful work and a collaborative team environment are two of the top reasons our employees enjoy working here. In addition, our employees have access to a range of perks and benefits to support their personal and professional well-being, beyond the standard company offered health benefits, including:

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Corporate Discounts
Learning & Development platform, to include certification preparation content
Training, Education and Certification Assistance*
Referral Bonus Program
Internal Mobility Program
Pet Insurance
Flexible Work Environment
Available to full-time employees

Our employees’ unique talents and contributions are the driving force behind our success in supporting our customers, which ultimately fuels the success of our company. Join us and be a part of a culture that invests in its people and prioritizes continuous enhancement of the employee experience.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. EOE, including disability/vets.

Posted Pay Range

The posted pay range, if referenced, reflects the range expected for this position at the commencement of employment, however, base pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, education, experience, and internal equity. The total compensation package for this position may also include other compensation elements, to be discussed during the hiring process. If hired, employee will be in an “at-will position” and the GovCIO reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, GovCIO or individual department/team performance, and market factors.

Posted Salary Range: USD $82,000.00 - USD $95,000.00 /Yr.