Acuity Insurance logo
Acuity Insurance
Share
Show more options
Programmer Intern (Application Development / Data Warehouse) 
United States · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


$23/hr

Remote

Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Programmer Intern (Application Development / Data Warehouse)  at Acuity Insurance
How your profile and resume fit this job

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out
About the job
Acuity is seeking a Programmer Intern to modify programming systems to support business automation needs. The Programmer Intern is responsible for coding, testing, debugging, and documenting programs, file layouts, and report layouts. The programmer relies on specifications, instructions, and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job and provide data in appropriate formats to allow for strategic decision-making.

Start Date: Summer 2026

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Learn programming languages used by Acuity through formal training and on-the-job mentorship.
Learn systems that are maintained by the team based on team assignment.
Understand web user interface development.
Understand and integrate with data storage to retrieve and update data.
Write, test, and debug ETL and SQL processes to ensure accurate and timely information.
Learn about Acuity’s enterprise data design.
Create or update all documentation affected by a change, including rerun or disaster recovery documentation and procedures.
Work with Acuity’s Strategic Analytics department.
Consult with users to identify data needs.
Follow test plans and/or create test plans appropriate for the scope of the programming changes.
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Follow department standards and procedures.


EDUCATION:

Prefer junior or senior year college status in pursuit of a bachelor’s degree or equivalent of education and experience.

EXPERIENCE:

Entry level.

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:

Analytical problem-solving skills.
Knowledge of object-oriented programming languages.
Knowledge of SQL and database design.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Capable of following very detailed instructions.


*Acuity does not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization.*

This job is classified as non-exempt.

The pay rate for this position is $23.00 per hour. This salary range is an estimate and the actual salary will vary based on applicant’s education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities. 

We are an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodations to apply or during the interview process, please contact our Talent Acquisition team at careers@acuity.com. Acuity is dedicated to offering reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process for qualified individuals.